#Conception:

We added the following important classes to the game:

#Added Enemies

The DarkLord and flameSkull (the enemies he spawns), these classes are subclasses from enemies as they have a
certain amount of health, the default enemy interaction (damages the  player if he is in front of them)
as well as being as there name suggest, enemies of the player.

(We also modified the turrets to have them only shoot when the player is in front of them and have them attack the
player when he is in front of them)

We modified the code of the enemy class to have them drop hearts on death.

#Added Rooms

We added different rooms that inherit from item rooms as they contain items to collect these are:
- Level0cherryRoom: contains a cherry (item that heals you) to collect. (We decided to not implement this room to make
the game harder.)

- Level0FireStaffRoom: contains a water staff to collect.
- Level0WaterStaffRoom: contains a fire staff to collect.

We also added a new room that inherits from Level0EnemyRoom, the Level0BossRoom, this room inherits from the Level0Enemy
as it adds an enemy the DarkLord.

#Added Items

We also added the weapon abstract class from which inherit the water Staff and the fire Staff, we used a common
parent class as these two items have very similar characteristics.

We added the NinjaPNJ class that is a subclass from an item (we decided that it would inherit from items
as he only interacts once with the player then is collected, it would not make sense to add him as a movable area entity
as he doesn't move, he can be seen as an item that displays a dialogue when interacted with)

We added the heart item that heals the player, it inherits from items
as it is collectable and doesn't move (he is created when enemies die).

#Added Projectiles

We added the Water ball, it is the projectile of the water staff. We decided it would inherit from the projectile class
as it has common characteristics such as the same default interaction of projectiles.

#Added menu screens
We added a pauseMenu, and a specific screen when the player dies or wins. These screens are found
in the folder MenuScreens.

#Main modifications

The main modifications we did inside classes is in the ICRogueActor to draw animations and get different list of cells
to implement complex interactions such as for the turret to only shoot when he sees the player in his axis or for
Fire Skulls to follow the player (by having his view interaction be all the cells in the room to get the player
coordinates in the interaction handler).

We modified the random generation of the map, so the player has to defeat the enemy room to access the water staff
room and the boss key room, these specific rooms will be placed one after the other.
The enemy rooms are also randomly generated now.

We decided to not use the map state created as we do not use it. We preferred to keep the identity of each
room on the mapStatement. As first of all, our algorithm used to generate random levels do not use it. Second of all
our algorithm first creates rooms with a restriction and then creates the basic rooms, by marking the rooms with
restrictions as created we could not differentiate between them, such as differentiate the boss room and turret room
to set the correct locked connector. Finally, if we wanted to create an extension that displayed the map, keeping the
room identity is necessary.

Inside the player we added multiple methods to allow him to have multiples weapons, and get a different animation depending
on his weapon, and that he would have a health bar.
